docs(readme): add example for using a custom Agent (#614)
octokit/request.js: README.md

);
```

### Set a custom Agent to your requests

> The way to pass a custom `Agent` to requests is by creating a custom `fetch` implementation and passing that to octokit's request `options`. A good example can be [undici's `fetch` implementation](https://undici.nodejs.org/#/?id=undicifetchinput-init-promise).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The way to pass a custom `Agent` to requests is by creating a custom `fetch` function and pass it as `options.request.fetch`. A good example can be [undici's `fetch` implementation](https://undici.nodejs.org/#/?id=undicifetchinput-init-promise).
```

Example ([See example in CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.io/p/sandbox/nifty-stitch-wdlwlf))

```js
import { request } from "@octokit/request";
import { fetch as undiciFetch, Agent } from "undici";

/** @type {typeof import("undici").fetch} */

> const myFetch = (url, opts) => {
>   return undiciFetch(url, {
>     ...opts,
>     dispatcher: new Agent({
>       keepAliveTimeout: 10,
>       keepAliveMaxTimeout: 10,
>     }),
>   });
> };

Reviewer: Avoid abbreviations

```suggestion
const myFetch = (url, options) => {
  return undiciFetch(url, {
    ...options,
    dispatcher: new Agent({
      keepAliveTimeout: 10,
      keepAliveMaxTimeout: 10,
    }),
  });
};
```

> /** @type {typeof import("@octokit/request").RequestInterface<object>} */

Reviewer: I don't think that line is necessary? `data` should be typed correctly

```suggestion
```
